IBX-11536: MCP Servers (#3106)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/ai/mcp/mcp.md

---

> description: MCP servers expose functionalities to AIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Overview of MCP resources in [[= product_name =]]
```

page_type: landing_page
month_change: true
---

# MCP servers

> MCP servers allow AI interactions with the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MCP servers allow AI agents to interact with the system in a structured way.
```

Would it to add at least one use case here, for example "Use them to...X".

Learn more about this protocol and [[= product_name_base =]] MCP servers:

[[= cards([

>     ("ai/mcp/mcp_guide", "MCP servers guide", "MCP servers expose functionalities to AIs."),

Reviewer: Do you need the title and description, won't it be inherited?

Author: It's shorter than the title used there "Model Context Protocol and Ibexa MCP servers" to not break the card. When there is a custom title, the description become mandatory as well.

Author: After @dabrt review (applied in 0282b8645c4e1a32670b5e5aa4aade1ea5f0f8d4), I can now use the defaults (applied in 5a0070ec8dd4e0f86ec04a7ec1d6580af31a66b1)

---

> description: Overview of MCP resources in [[= product_name =]]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Overview of MCP resources in Ibexa DXP
```

Author: @dabrt It's OK since #3116

page_type: landing_page
edition: lts-update
month_change: true
---

# MCP servers

> MCP servers allow AI agents to interact with the system in a structured way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MCP (Model Context Protocol) servers allow AI agents to interact with the system in a structured way.
```

Author: I was keeping this for the guide…
But, you're right, let's expend the acronym on first occurence here as well. I wouldn't split the word group "MCP servers". Maybe:

```suggestion
The Model Context Protocol (MCP) and MCP servers allow AI agents to interact with the system in a structured way.
```

> MCP servers are available as an [LTS Update](editions.md#lts-updates) since v5.0.8.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The feature is available as an [LTS Update](editions.md#lts-updates) since v5.0.8.
```

> Learn more about this protocol and [[= product_name_base =]] MCP servers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
